-Ooh, hey.
-Hey.
Hollywood's biggest night, huh?
-Mmm-hmm.
-What'd you put down for best foreign?
You know me, man.
Just put down the Danish one,
trying to keep it Scandinavian, so.
Oh, man, I hope tonight tops last year
because I really feel that it was just
a bunch of people, like,
I don't know, sucking each other off, really.
-Yeah.
-On the red carpet.
-It kind of was.
-Yeah, it was, like, one big circle jerk, right?
-Yep.
-Ooh, Adam, Adam, it's starting!
-It's starting!
-Who's hungry?
--All right, that looks great.
Tittay.
Welcome to the AVN Awards Show,
where we honor the best
in adult entertainment.
Who do you guys got for best MMF-DP-ATM?
-Um...
-Who did I mark?
Gianna.
Yep, and I got Chloe.
I'm fresh
You gotta, you gotta
You gotta, gotta
Gotta be fresh
Adam, I can't believe you got
every category right.
Dude, you even guessed best dong-umentary.
Yes, well, 12 Inches a Slave was a no-brainer,
but I'll admit it, having a
pornographic memory doesn't hurt.
I cannot forget a dick.
Which is crazy, 'cause you
can't remember anything else, right?
Yeah, no, I can't remember
what I ate for breakfast.
I can't remember, like,
my social security number,
which is an issue sometimes,
but I remember, like, every frame
of the porno that
I cranked down to in the mirror last night.
Did you just say you crank
down in the mirror?
You guys don't crank down in the mirror?
Okay, I'll teach you something.
All right, so you are the mirror.
-Uh-huh.
-Okay?
And this, right here, the screen, that's where
all the porno's happening.
So I put a little porno
back here and I look in the mirror,
and it's like I'm in the porno.
It's like a pop porno.
And then I'm looking at myself
at the same time, and going like,
"You're having fun, this is fun. Look at you."
-Sure.
-Seems like a lot of work, but very cool.
It's not.
I like to just squeeze it till it pops
and move on, you know?
It's not, it's not a lot.
It's a little overwhelming
for me, so, if we could,
-if you wouldn't mind...
-Absolutely.
I'd like to ask you about the giant bag
you brought to work. What's up with that?
Hello, it's my costume bag
from my theater days.
-Uh-oh.
-When we were watching the AVN Awards
it kind of got the old actor juices a-flowin'.
I had different juices flowing.
-Semen.
-Me too.
Do you remember Sydney,
the Australian tour guide?
-I do.
-Good day, mate.
Oh, and crikey, is that a didgeridoo?
- What the hell are you doing?
- Huh?
Anders, I got a mission for you, Stretch.
-Uh, ma'am, yes, ma'am.
-I'm sending you
to the North Rancho College job fair to recruit
-some new employees.
-Wow, okay.
Grab a couple of people
to help you get contact info
on 100 people interested in working here.
You got it. I will assemble my team right now.
Great.
We going back to college,
we going back to college!
--Yes, yes.
Not so fast, guys. Okay?
My career here at TAC is clearly riding on this,
and you two? On a college campus?
Not happening.
Attention, TelAmericans,
tomorrow morning at 0900 hours,
we will deploy onto the campus
of North Rancho College,
trying to get 100 sigs of some fresh meat.
Who's with me?
Bill, Tez?
You boys up for an excellent adventure?
And miss out on my commissions?
Fool, please.
I'm trying to ball out at this
hookah bar this weekend.
Tsh!
-Ders... Come on.
-Please take us.
-Stop.
-I'm not going to stop.
Stop him. Please stop him.
I'm not going to stop until you take us.
I know you guys, all right? You're gonna, like,
basically show up and then
I'm going to do all the work
and you're going to run off, and I'm going
to be alone doing all the work.
Honestly, I swear on my mother
and Blake's entire family
that we will not bail on you.
Fine!
-Yes.
-Yes, all right.
All right. Hey, guys, check this out.
-Whoa, nice.
-Cool, right?
-Whoa, very cool.
-Yeah, I figured we could do
a whole thing where it's, like,
"Come and join the TelAmerican army."
-Mmm-hmm.
-And got a little karaoke machine
so we could sing some songs. I'm thinking
Proud to be a TelAmerican or
TelAmerica the Beautiful.
-Ooh, I got one, I got one.
-Yeah?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Here we go.
- Start it off.
Neither!
That's good, here, I'll do the second verse.
Fug this shib.
Very stupid, very dumb idea
We're not going to do your
stupid sign-up job,
because you said that we'd blow you off.
-That's right.
-Mmm-hmm.
Right. And that's what you're doing right now.
-We are.
-Yes, we are doing that,
-but only because...
-Exactly.
-You started it.
-But you're doing it.
No, but you started it. You were a jerk,
and you blew us off and you
said we weren't gonna help you,
so now we're not going to.
And we would've done really well, too.
We would've, like, worked our balls off.
This is exactly why I didn't
want to bring you guys.
Come on, dude, let's go throw
the boomerang in the quad.
Mmm-kay. Hey, Blake?
-Mmm-hmm?
-Real quick, what's, like, a cool
Australian exit line that I could say?
Oh, um...
Freakin' crikey.
-That was really good.
-All right, okay.
-This is a big campus, huh?
-Yeah.
Getting, like, weird vibes though.
It's like full-body déjà vu.
Dorm Daze.
This is the college campus where they shot
24 of my 36 favorite college pornos.
This is it!
-Whoa.
-That's the vibe.
That's why I was getting that vibe.
Oh. Okay, okay, that's awesome, man.
Now, hey, go long, mate.
I want to toss you the boomer, huh?
I've got to find the dorm room where
they shot the gang bang sequences,
pay my respects.
Come on, dude. Go long.
I... I can't throw the boomerang to myself.
Pretty sure that's how they work, Blake.
Yeah, I know how boomerangs work, Adam.
I just want somebody to watch me
-while I throw the boomerang.
-Sorry, Blake.
I've got to find porno! Whoo!
TelAmeriCorp, TelAmeriCorp
Come make phone calls with me
Come on and join the TelAmerican army,
where the front line is the landline.
It's phones. You just make
phone calls all day.
-Hey, army man.
-Yeah?
Do you take requests?
Because I request you take that
mic and shove it up your ass.
Get some.
Well, who are you guys? What have we got?
Oh, US Coast Guard!
Cool, I get it.
'Cause you guys coast on the backs
of the people who really guard our country.
Oh, my God, did one of you guys just fart?
'Cause it smells like salty dick.
Whoo. I'm downwind.
Uh, you guys want to see
my impression of the Navy?
And here's my impression
of the US Coast Guard.
- Ah!
Brock! Brock, back.
Okay. Yeah, sign up, man.
Just need your name, email, phone number
and a stool sample.
Just kidding, I'm not the Coast Guard.
To be or not to be, that is the question.
Whether 'tis nobler...
Doth my eyes hear a fellow thespian?
-Or to take pause...
-Thank you.
Do we have anyone else reading for Hamlet?
One more!
-Get on with it.
-Thanks.
Okay, before I start, this boomerang has,
like, knife edges.
Back off, easy.
Yah! Yah! Yah!
Back up! All right, I'm not from here.
I'm from a goddamn prison colony!
So unless you want a little bit
of what he just got...
I'm sorry, what scene are you doing?
This is from Crocodile
Dundee 4: The New Class.
It's an original script.
And are you even a student here?
Not technically, sir, no.
But I will do anything to be a star.
You are a very bad actor.
And we would never use you in a production.
--Hey.
Hey, what you did up there was so brave.
The director had no idea
what he was talking about.
Well, I mean, I just did what
Dundee would've done-dood.
Well, you know, my friends and I are making
this really cool short film today.
We could use a real actor like you.
-Really?
-Yeah.
Do you think you could use
an Aussie in the cast?
-I do 13 unique characters...
-Okay, come on.
That... All right.
Eighteen? No.
I'm finally home.
Something isn't right.
This is the room...
But it's not the room.
Did they move the walls?
Nope. That'd be physically impossible.
Uh, no.
Doesn't make sense.
In order for semen spray to land here,
the buster would have to shoot from here.
But Eric was over there.
And he didn't even bust.
Was there a second semen sprayer?
No. Nope.
Start from the beginning, Adam.
Who the fuck are you?
Is this where the porno was?
I don't know what you're talking about, man.
Just... Just get out of here.
You know what?
I believe you.
I don't see porno in your eyes.
Sorry, I'm going to have to look around first.
Female sex.
That's code word for porn.
Hey, who wants to be the 100th contact
given to TelAmeriCorp? Hook a brother up.
The Coast Guard, what's going on?
Wait a second, if you guys are here,
who's doing nothing on the boat?
'Cause, you guys, I don't know
what you do. What do you guys
even do? Do you have boats?
Yeah, we get it.
Yeah, no, you're a regular Gabriel Iglesias.
I wouldn't say that. Fluffy's very talented.
You really shouldn't make jokes about
the military like that.
Okay.
What are you guys gonna do,
give me a Code Red?
Actually not a bad idea.
Come on, guys, please. Don't do this.
Oh, no, man.
Nothing like the taste of
Code Red on a hot day, am I right?
My butt hairs are all fizzy now.
I think Officer Pettytailwags
is looking a little thirsty.
What? Who's Officer Pettytailwags?
That's not good. That's not good.
That's not good.
That's not... Bad.
-Here we go...
-Ah!
Okay.
Normally we spend our shore leave fucking.
Not teaching manners to phone jockeys.
Come on, Lance.
And so, at this point,
the patriarchy is so deeply
ingrained in modern society,
females are portrayed
almost exclusively as sex objects.
Sex objects.
She talking about dildos, or what?
Is there a problem, young man?
No, I just saw this hot chick
walk in with a book that said
"Sex" and I figured she was
leading me to the porno room,
- but...
Young man, would you come down
here to the front of the room
and let us ask you some questions?
Oh, hell yeah, bitch. Cool.
All right, this is fun.
Damn, girl, you got some sweater meats
up there.
Fascinating.
Did you see how he wasn't able to take
more than just a few steps without
talking about sex?
It's really as if he has no control
over his base desires.
I didn't know I was going to
be in a room full of freakin'
hot young Mileys or else I probably
would've worn my big dick jeans!
He's insane!
You gotta
you gotta be fresh
So this is our set.
It's, you know, pretty low-budget,
but I think it's going to turn out really cool.
Wow. Okay, pinch me, am I dreaming?
This is awesome.
So what's the scene, mate?
Well, we improvise most of it.
Oh, okay,
all right, The League-ing it.
Very smart. So do you guys work off of,
like, an outline or...
Well, this is Landon, the director.
Hey, how are you, Blake? Nice to meet you.
You ready to make a movie today?
You betcha, sir.
So tell me, Adam, what is it
you like about porn?
To begin with, um...
Everything.
Not to be, like, sentimental and cheesy, but...
I love how they just...
Their soft cupping of the balls,
and the general way they just
caress the shaft and...
All the gagging.
It's just beautiful to me.
Well, Adam, I have some bad news for you.
Those women are being exploited.
-Nope.
-No, it's true.
Many of them are confused, young actresses
hoping to be in a movie.
Red leather, yellow leather.
-Right, here we go, have some acting juice.
-Oh, oh, are you kidding me?
They're offered drugs and alcohol
to lower their inhibitions.
They're victims, Adam.
So, nobody's told me, like, what the scene is.
I know we're 'prov-ing it, she told me.
-Well, I'll tell you what.
-Uh-huh.
The scene is sit down right about here.
-And then Crystal
is gonna gobble your knob.
Shall we maybe do the scene before, though?
Like, when we, like meet each other, like...
No, we're good. All right?
Okay. Yeah.
Sad victims of a dark industry that caters
to perverted misogynists.
Sorry, don't talk about porno like that.
It's, like, fun. And we're ever...
They're all having fun.
We're not going to show the actual, um...
- My penis, are we?
- They manipulate women
emotionally to make them
think they have no choice.
What's the matter, you don't like sex?
I do, I do, I do, I do, I do, I do. It's just, um...
You know what? I should go.
Hear my mom calling me. I gotta go.
I'm so sorry.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
What the hell, man?
You drink my booze, you smoke my weed
and now you want to fucking leave?
-I don't think so, man.
-All right.
Hey, stop yelling at me!
All right? I just want to act!
I just want to act, okay?
- Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Shh, shh, shh, shh.
- Don't be mad, all right?
They break these women down
to get what they want.
-That's how they get them.
-You're in the big time now.
You're gonna act
and you don't want to disappoint
all these people, do you? Everybody's here
working hard to make you look good.
Why don't you take this and use that closet
to grease up your hog and then
you get your shit together
and we'll make some movies.
-Okay.
-Stop it, you're scaring me.
-Good, you should be scared.
What if your mother was in this situation?
My mommy doesn't make porno,
she makes ham sammiches.
But porn stars are women, just like your mom.
So some porn stars are...
Done from a long day on set
and they go home
and make a little boy ham sammiches?
Yes, Adam.
Porn stars make little boys
ham sammiches too.
I'm gonna find that porno room,
and I'm not going to be the one
cranking down in the corner
and potentially being a stunt cock. No!
I'm gonna shut it down.
'Cause no mommy should go home
and make ham sammiches
for little boys with ejaculate on their fingers.
I'm doing it.
For the mommies!
Look, I just wanted to apologize to you guys.
We got off on the wrong foot.
I'm here to clear the air.
With a Gabriel Iglesias-style joke.
-Better be funny.
-It's funny.
There's an Air Force guy
and a Coast Guard guy
and they're walking down the street, right?
And they see this kid playing
with a pile of poop.
So they go, "Hey, kid, what are you making?"
Kid goes, "I'm making a pilot."
--Nice.
-Get 'em.
-Air Force guy's like,
"What?" And then the kid says, uh,
"Yeah, I would've made a Coast Guard,
"but I didn't have enough shit."
Frickin' see ya!
You guys chasing this guy?
Wanna help me get him off my ladder?
-Yeah.
-Hey, thanks.
Thanks for that, I really...
No, no, guys, come on.
-This is all set up?
-Looks dynamite.
Great. All right, I'm excited.
Whoa. Hey, there he is. Wow.
Hey, do you still want to do
that Australian voice? That could be fun.
I don't care anymore.
Well, let's roll, people.
Time to get that dick out, homey.
- Yeah.
Ah, stop, stop!
Is this the porno? Cover up your bosoms.
You could be my mommy. My mommy doesn't
have her boobies flopped out,
they're flopped in.
-What the hell is this? Who are all these...
-Shh!
The mirror.
I always crank down while
looking into a mirror.
-Really.
-Yeah.
So I could see myself enjoying it.
It's not weird. A lot of dudes do it nowadays.
It's, like, a millennial thing.
That doesn't matter. What matters is...
The image is reversed.
That means the porno's not in room 18.
It's in the reverse version of that.
Room... Uh...
-Eighty-one?
-Yep, that's it, s'go!
Stop it, I'm serious.
Come on, man, you already
made a dog toss my salad.
Stop it! Guys, okay, that's it.
That's it. Coming at ya.
He's hocking bombs.
Oh, bye.
Get that pecker out, buddy.
Working on it.
Time to get it out, though. Seriously.
-Okay, I can't.
-What?
I'm sorry, it's, like... It's very small, all right?
It's like the... You know the
plastic thing at the end of a shoelace.
Just take it out now, man!
- I need it now.
I need that penis, Blake.
We're like
fresh fresh fresh
Quit crying and let me see that donger, bro.
--Just do it, man.
-I am!
-Take your dick out...
Party's over, porno boy!
--Blake...
You're the one who's doing the porno?
New Adam is mad at you for doing this porno,
and old Adam is frickin' pissed
you didn't invite him,
so now you have two mad Adams
to answer to.
-Man, I'm, like...
-Two mad Adams!
-I'm sorry, all right?
-Madams!
- I'm mad at myself too.
- Hey?
- Ders?
Help, somebody please let me in.
Oh, jeez, you are feeling fat
as hell. Oh, my God.
What is going on in here, though?
He gave me a bunch of beer and, like,
she gave me some weed
and then they're, like, telling me
to show my little Henderson, I'm like,
-"Dude, I don't want to."
-That's what they do.
That's what they do. Shh, cover your bosoms,
cover your bosoms.
Because I'm about to save you
and this poor, sweet, innocent girl Crystal
from her evil oppressor Landon,
who I actually
-appreciate his films!
-No, no, no, no, no, no.
-Don't do that. Don't.
-Come at me, bro!
You don't even know... You don't even know
what you're doing
because he washed your brain.
Look, I'm... I'm not brainwashed.
You know I'm a producer on this.
I own 40% of the company.
Plus, I love to squirt on film.
It's kind of my thing.
So, you're telling me that
some girls do like doing pornog.
- Oh, yeah.
- That's right, Adam.
No man has a right to tell a woman
what to do with her body.
Even if she's being sexually exploited.
I knew you were an idiot. Hell yeah!
Cool. I'm a big fan.
Give me that paper back
or you're a dead man.
You got me running all over campus.
I should be chasing chicks, not dudes!
Wait, hold up!
You want to be chasing chicks,
what, are you guys trying
to get your bone on or something?
-Oh, yeah.
-Cool.
Well, what if these bros
get in your little movie?
That's a... That's a good idea. Maybe do
kind of a Coast Guard gangbang
kind of thing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And if you guys want to, like,
get crazy, get weird, they've got this little
French bulldog that you know
can toss a salad...
-Uh-huh, sure.
-Like, it's crazy good.
How do you know that?
Could. It could toss a salad.
You know, it could.
You know it could.
Guys, this is great, I think
we're going to get, like, all 100 contacts.
-Nice.
-Thanks for the help.
Probably should've just asked
you right from the jump, huh?
-No.
-We would've ditched you.
Immediately. That was our whole game plan.
-Okay, good.
-Totally. But, hey, what do you say
we go back to being best friends, huh?
Let's do it, man. Let's do it, this is awesome.
Go ahead? Also, oh, I was thinking
we should, um...
We should definitely get a dog for the house.
For, like, security and stuff.
-Like, not... To, like, play with.
-Oh.
That dog licked your butthole, didn't it?
Just do it! What is your problem?
Wait.
Oh, Jesus, how hard...
You're not taking a shit,
you're taking off your pants!
- Let's see that dick, man!